---
title: VOXEL5
date: 2025-01-05 00:00:00 
categories: [UNREAL,PLUGINS]
tags: [voxelizer]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
image:
  path: /assets/images/bgvoxels_low.jpg
description: "Voxel5 is a plugin for Unreal Engine 5 that brings sophisticated voxelization capabilities to your development workflow. Whether you're working with static meshes, skeletal meshes, or blueprints with multiple renderable components..."
---

## Introduce
Voxel5 is a plugin for Unreal Engine 5 that brings sophisticated voxelization capabilities to your development workflow. Whether you're working with static meshes, skeletal meshes, or blueprints with multiple renderable components, Voxel5 allows you to transform them into voxel-based representations with precision and flexibility.

## Key Features
- Sampling Renderable Objects: Voxel5 samples any renderable object, breaking it down into voxel data. This includes both position and material properties such as base color, metallic, roughness, and specular attributes.

- Output Options: The plugin seamlessly applies the voxel data to:
    - Instanced Static Meshes: For optimized rendering of complex voxelized structures.
    - Niagara Particle Systems: To create dynamic, particle-based voxel effects.

- Physically-Based Rendering (PBR) Ready: Voxel5 retains material information for PBR workflows, enabling realistic lighting and shading in voxelized representations.

- Ease of Use: With a straightforward interface, voxelization is just one click away. Voxel5 also comes with lot of examples, samples, and Niagara templates to help you get started quickly.

## Video
{% include embed/bilibili.html id='BV12F6mYSE8z' %}

## Docs
[Go to Voxel5 Doc page](/pages/voxel5-doc/)

## Download
[Full version at Fab](https://www.fab.com/listings/66faa4ea-4bcd-4eb6-ae58-a6b978dbcb36)

[Preview version (Play in Editor only)](https://github.com/fancyzero/voxel5-preview/releases/tag/5.5)




